# Commands to run on macOS (similar commands for ubuntu and other OSes):

1. Clone the repository: `gh repo clone sushanedulloo20/VivaBot_Assignment2_DSCD`
2. Go to the repository directory: `cd VivaBot_Assignment2_DSCD`
3. Create a new venv: `python3 -m venv .venv`
4. Install all the requirements: `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
5. Download the .env file (Ask the owner!) 

# Question Generation
1. Run `python3 question_generation.py`
2. It will ask you the group number. Enter the group for which you are taking viva at present.
3. Then it will ask you to enter the number of questions to be generated. We need students to answer at least two questions. Some of the questions generated by LLM may be erroneous. Hence, enter any number between 6 to 10. Of course, you can re-run the script to generate more questions if required. Each run will generate a new json file containing new set of questions.
4. Questions will be displayed on the screen. Similar to phone-screen interviews, you need to share a google doc with the students and paste these questions for each student. Please don't paste all the questions in one go. Please paste questions for only one student at a time. 
5. Give 5 minutes to each student to answer both questions. No time will be given to the students for thinking. Students should immediately start writing/speaking.

# Answer evaluation
1. Once the students have answered the questions, you need to get the answers evaluated using LLMs.
2. For this, you need to populate the json file (already generated in the question generation phase) with student answers.
3. For any group, if you have generated the questions more than once, then combine all the questions into a single json file. In this combined json file, some questions will not have student answers as they were not used for student evaluation. That is alright! The answer evaluation script will ignore such questions.
4. Then you need to run `python3 answer_evaluation.py <json_file_with_student_answers>`. This will generate qualitative feedback for each answer of students. You can use this feedback to give marks to the student.
5. Once done with a group, rate each question and each feedback generated by LLM. Also, give comments wherever necessary.
6. In case you use your own questions (when LLM is not giving any useful questions), please add those questions also in this json file, in the same format and also add a comment saying that this is your own question and answer.

Once you are done with all the groups, please fill out the google form whose link is present in the rubric document.
